Document module deprecation in 2.x (#2855)
apache/logging-log4j2: src/site/antora/modules/ROOT/pages/manual/appenders/database.adoc

[#CouchDbProvider]
=== Apache CouchDB provider

[WARNING]
====

> *This provider is planned to be removed in the next major release, due to lack of maintainers!*
> Users can either:
> 
> * step up and offer to maintain the component. See xref:development.adoc[] for details.
> * maintain a 3.x version as a separate project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*This provider is planned to be removed in the next major release!*
If you are using this library, please get in touch with the Log4j maintainers using link:{logging-services-url}/support.html[the official support channels].
```
